{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12420\viewh9300\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Fun task. The 2026 Tour starts July 4, so let me first see what 2026 roster/form data is actually available to ground this (rather than guess), then I'll build the team around our scoring rules.\
\
Great task. Two honest caveats up front: the 2026 startlist isn't final (rosters drop this week), and my detailed form knowledge runs to early 2026 \'97 so this is a projection built from actual 2025 Tour scoring (our DB, above) plus known trajectories. Also, your pool is 15 mains + 3 reserves = 18, so I'll give you that as the real entry and round out to 26 with ranked alternates.\
\
Strategy (how the rules shape the picks)\
\
- GC points are the jackpot (100/80/60\'85) \'97 load up on likely GC top-10 finishers; they also score stage points on every mountain.\
- Volume of stage top-10s matters across 21 days 
\f1 \uc0\u8594 
\f0  elite sprinters + all-terrain stage-hunters.\
- 2026's white-jersey +4/stage is a real edge 
\f1 \uc0\u8594 
\f0  stack strong under-26 riders so one of mine is the best young finisher most days.\
- Reserves sub through stage 10 in 2026 (longer than usual) 
\f1 \uc0\u8594 
\f0  make reserves genuinely good, since early crashes are common and the cover lasts deep.\
\
My 15 mains\
\
GC engine (big GC points + mountain stage placings)\
1. Tadej Poga\uc0\u269 ar \'97 276 pool pts in 2025 (4 wins, won GC). The single best asset; wins stages and the Tour.\
2. Jonas Vingegaard \'97 11 top-10s, perennial #2; ~80 GC + climbs.\
3. Remco Evenepoel \'97 GC podium ceiling plus bankable ITT stage wins (TT points are "free").\
4. Florian Lipowitz \'97 3rd in 2025, on the up.\
5. Primo\'9e Rogli\uc0\u269  \'97 veteran floor, GC top-8 + uphill finishes.\
6. Felix Gall \'97 GC top-10 and a genuine mountain-stage hunter.\
7. Oscar Onley (young) \'97 4th in 2025; GC points and a prime youth-bonus source.\
\
Sprint + classics volume (frequent top-10s)\
8. Jonathan Milan \'97 2025 green jersey, most sprint volume.\
9. Tim Merlier \'97 fastest pure kick; wins bunch sprints.\
10. Mads Pedersen \'97 the consistency king: sprints, breaks, hilly days \'97 a top-10 machine.\
11. Mathieu van der Poel \'97 cobbles/punchy/sprint points, loads early.\
12. Wout van Aert \'97 stage-hunter on every terrain.\
\
Breakaway/mountain + young upside\
13. Ben Healy \'97 aggressive; stage win + yellow in 2025.\
14. Thymen Arensman \'97 two 2025 mountain wins = pure stage-points value.\
15. K\'e9vin Vauquelin (young) \'97 7 top-10s + GC top-10 in 2025; steady points + youth bonus.\
\
3 reserves (high-value, cover crashes through stage 10)\
\
16. Arnaud De Lie (young) \'97 puncheur/sprinter, youth-bonus magnet; ideal early sub.\
17. Kaden Groves \'97 sprinter with a 2025 win; covers a sprinter loss.\
18. Matteo Jorgenson \'97 6 top-10s in 2025, always in the move; reliable if promoted.\
\
Ranked alternates (19\'9626, swap by final startlist)\
\
19. Isaac del Toro (young GC star) \'97 if UAE bring him, a youth + GC monster.\
20. Romain Gr\'e9goire (young) \'97 puncheur, youth bonus.\
21. Tobias Halland Johannessen (young) \'97 GC top-6 in\'a02025.\
22. Simon Yates \'97 mountain stage value.\
23. Ben O'Connor \'97 breakaway/GC, won a stage.\
24. Biniam Girmay \'97 fast finisher, sprint points.\
25. Jasper Philipsen \'97 elite sprinter (injury-permitting; crashed out early in\'a02025).\
26. Carlos Rodr\'edguez \'97 GC top-10 ceiling.\
\
The bet: Poga\uc0\u269 ar + a deep GC core for the big points, three top sprinters for daily volume, and four under-26 riders (Onley, Vauquelin, De Lie + Gr\'e9goire/del Toro in reserve) to farm the new +4 youth bonus.\
\
Want me to save this as a draft 2026 team in the DB now (so it's ready to confirm once the startlist is out), or revisit it the moment the official rosters drop and I can check who's actually selected?\
\
\
\
\
\
stage 2 discrepencies: The DB is correct. Here's why the manual is off:\
\
Stage 1 (TTT):\
- Raw sprint finish order: pos 9 = Foss, pos 10 = Seixas\
- DB gives Seixas 2 pts (pos\'a010)\
- User's source likely had Seixas at pos 9 = 3 pts \uc0\u8594  +1 for every Seixas team\
\
Stage 2:\
- Sprint finish order: Gregoire=7, Martinez=8, Seixas=9, Pidcock=10\
- GC positions (scoring_position column): Gregoire=sp6, Martinez=sp7, Seixas=sp8, Pidcock=sp9\
- User's source appears to have shown GC positions for Martinez and Seixas:\
  - Martinez: user had "pos 7" = 5 pts, DB correctly has sprint pos 8 = 4 pts \uc0\u8594  +1 for Martinez teams\
  - Seixas: user had "pos 8" = 4 pts, DB correctly has sprint pos 9 = 3 pts \uc0\u8594  +1 for Seixas teams\
\
Combined:\
\
\uc0\u9484 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9516 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9516 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9516 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9516 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9488 \
\uc0\u9474               Teams              \u9474  Seixas  \u9474  Seixas  \u9474  Martinez  \u9474               Total manual error              \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474                                  \u9474    s1    \u9474    s2    \u9474     s2     \u9474                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
\uc0\u9474  Seixas only (Bas Ot, Rich,      \u9474  +1      \u9474  +1      \u9474  0         \u9474  +2 \u10003                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474  Eelco, etc.)                    \u9474          \u9474          \u9474            \u9474                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
\uc0\u9474  Seixas + Martinez (Karin,       \u9474  +1      \u9474  +1      \u9474  +1        \u9474  +3 \u10003                                          \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474  Sofia, Chiel, etc.)             \u9474          \u9474          \u9474            \u9474                                               \u9474 \
\uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
\uc0\u9474  Claude (no Seixas, Gregoire     \u9474  0       \u9474  0       \u9474  0         \u9474  0 from positions; -3 from missing Gregoire's \u9474 \
\uc0\u9474  main)                           \u9474          \u9474          \u9474            \u9474   stage 2 youth bonus                         \u9474 \
\uc0\u9492 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9524 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9524 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9524 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9524 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9496 \
\
Every single team matches this explanation perfectly. The DB scores on the web page are correct.\
\
---\
Also: it's now July 6 \'97 the race is well underway (stage ~9). The DB still only has stages 1-2. Do you need me to trigger a live refresh to pull in stages 3 through the current stage?}